{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b RX Guard Testing Handoff\b0\par
\par
This guide is for continuing RX Guard testing inside Prompt Opinion. It is written for someone who has not used the site before.\par
\par
\b Goal\b0\par
Test RX Guard as a Prompt Opinion chat / A2A agent using synthetic prescribing cases, then send back feedback on what works and what needs improvement.\par
\par
\b What RX Guard is supposed to do\b0\par
RX Guard should:\par
- review a synthetic prescribing encounter\par
- identify the most important documentation and contextual medication-risk concerns\par
- stay clinician-supportive, precise, and non-punitive\par
- avoid unsupported claims or overreaching conclusions\par
- suggest concise chart-ready language a clinician could adapt\par
- clearly frame itself as support guidance, not an autonomous prescribing decision\par
\par
\b Part 1. How to get into Prompt Opinion\b0\par
1. Open a browser and go to: https://app.promptopinion.ai/\par
2. Log in using the account credentials Mike sends you.\par
3. If the site asks you to choose a workspace, select the workspace that contains RX Guard.\par
4. Wait for the main Prompt Opinion screen to load.\par
\par
\b Part 2. How to find RX Guard\b0\par
1. Open the left-side navigation menu if it is collapsed.\par
2. Look for the main chat / agent area.\par
3. Find the published RX Guard agent. It may appear as RX Guard in the chat-selectable agent list or marketplace-linked agent list.\par
4. Make sure you are using the RX Guard chat / agent path, not the MCP tools screens.\par
5. If you are unsure whether you are in the right place, take a screenshot and send it back.\par
\par
\b Part 3. How to run a test\b0\par
1. Open RX Guard in the Prompt Opinion chat / agent interface.\par
2. Use a synthetic prescribing case only. Do not use any real patient data.\par
3. Submit the case through the normal chat or input flow.\par
4. Wait for RX Guard to respond.\par
5. Read the first visible part of the response before expanding anything else.\par
\par
\b Part 4. What to look for in the response\b0\par
RX Guard should focus most strongly on:\par
- opioid + benzodiazepine overlap\par
- PDMP documentation gaps\par
- monitoring or follow-up gaps\par
- missing functional goal or treatment objective\par
- missing risk discussion or counseling\par
\par
The response should:\par
- be clear within the first few seconds of reading\par
- stay clinically respectful\par
- say something was not documented instead of assuming it did not happen\par
- avoid accusatory language\par
- avoid implying misuse, diversion, abuse, or wrongdoing unless directly evidenced\par
- avoid sounding like a final prescribing decision\par
- include concise, defensible suggested chart language\par
\par
\b Part 5. What bad output looks like\b0\par
Please flag the response if it does any of the following:\par
- takes too long to get to the main issue\par
- repeats the same concern too many times\par
- sounds judgmental, suspicious, or punitive\par
- overstates misuse risk without evidence\par
- sounds like it is telling the clinician what they must do\par
- gives awkward or overly long suggested chart language\par
\par
\b Part 6. Questions to answer after each test\b0\par
After each case, please answer:\par
1. Was the main concern easy to identify quickly?\par
2. Did RX Guard emphasize the right issues?\par
3. Was the tone clinically appropriate?\par
4. Did any part feel too aggressive, too vague, or too long?\par
5. Was the suggested chart language realistic and usable?\par
6. If you were a clinician, would this output actually help you improve the note before signing?\par
\par
\b Part 7. Feedback format to send back\b0\par
Please send feedback in this format for each test:\par
\par
TEST CASE:\par
[short name]\par
\par
OVERALL:\par
Pass / Needs work\par
\par
WHAT WORKED:\par
- ...\par
- ...\par
\par
WHAT FELT OFF:\par
- ...\par
- ...\par
\par
MAIN ISSUES MISSED OR OVERSTATED:\par
- ...\par
\par
TONE:\par
Too aggressive / Good / Too vague\par
\par
SUGGESTED LANGUAGE:\par
Usable / Needs tightening / Too long / Too generic\par
\par
IF I WERE A CLINICIAN:\par
[1 to 3 sentences on whether this would actually help]\par
\par
\b Part 8. Simple success standard\b0\par
RX Guard passes if it gives a clinician a quick, defensible, non-punitive explanation of the main prescribing documentation risks and offers concise language they could realistically adapt into the chart.\par
}
